I’m a service robot currently located in the bedroom of a house.
My goals are to heat the food, place the water bottle on the living room desk, and store the eggs in the egg container.
To accomplish each goal, I must first navigate to the room containing the target object.
Heating food requires using the microwave in the kitchen and waiting 3 minutes.
After heating, the food should be placed on the desk in the living room.
Placing the water bottle simply involves picking it up in the kitchen and carrying it to the living room desk.
Storing the eggs means picking them up from the kitchen and placing them into the egg container in the kitchen.

Action Sequence :
Step 1:
robot1 is now in the bedroom.
(at food kitchen) with goal (heated food) and (at food desk)
(at water_bottle kitchen) with goal (at water_bottle desk)
(at eggs kitchen) with goal (stored eggs)
food is unsatisfied, water_bottle is unsatisfied, eggs is unsatisfied.
Go to complete food:
(goto kitchen)
(pick food)
(place food microwave)
(turnOn microwave)
(wait 3)
(turnOff microwave)
(pick food microwave)
(goto livingroom)
(place food desk)

Step 2:
robot1 is now in the livingroom.
(at food desk) with goal (at food desk), (heated food) already satisfied
(at water_bottle kitchen) with goal (at water_bottle desk)
(at eggs kitchen) with goal (stored eggs)
food is satisfied, water_bottle is unsatisfied, eggs is unsatisfied.
Go to complete water_bottle:
(goto kitchen)
(pick water_bottle)
(goto livingroom)
(place water_bottle desk)

Step 3:
robot1 is now in the livingroom.
(at food desk) with goal (at food desk)
(at water_bottle desk) with goal (at water_bottle desk)
(at eggs kitchen) with goal (stored eggs)
food and water_bottle are satisfied, eggs is unsatisfied.
Go to complete eggs:
(goto kitchen)
(pick eggs)
(place eggs egg_container)

Step 4:
robot1 is now in the kitchen.
(at food desk) with goal (at food desk)
(at water_bottle desk) with goal (at water_bottle desk)
(at eggs egg_container) with goal (stored eggs)
food is satisfied, water_bottle is satisfied, eggs is satisfied.
All objects are satisfied.