I’m a service robot currently located in the bedroom of a house.
My goals are to wipe the living room desk, charge the phone, and organize the dishes on the shelf.
To wipe the desk, I will need the dishcloth, which is located in the living room. I must pick it up and use it to clean the desk.
To charge the phone, I will find it in the bedroom and place it on the charger, also in the bedroom. I will then turn on the charger, wait until the phone is charged, and finally bring the phone to the living room desk.
To organize the dishes, I will go to the kitchen where dish_1, dish_2, and dish_3 are located. I will pick them up one by one and place them neatly onto the shelf in the kitchen.
Once all these tasks are completed, the living room desk will be wiped, the phone will be charged and placed at the desk, and all dishes will be stored properly on the shelf.
The robot can only use one hand at a time and can hold only one item.

Action Sequence :
Step 1:
robot1 is now in the bedroom.
Goals: (wiped desk), (charged phone), (dishes at shelf).
(dishcloth livingroom) for wipe → unsatisfied
(phone bedroom) for charged phone → unsatisfied
(dishes kitchen) for shelf → unsatisfied
Go to complete wipe:
(goto robot1 bedroom livingroom)
(pick robot1 dishcloth livingroom)
(wipe robot1 dishcloth livingroom desk)
(place robot1 dishcloth livingroom_desk)

Step 2:
robot1 is now in the livingroom.
wipe done, phone unsatisfied, dishes unsatisfied.
Go to complete charged phone:
(goto robot1 livingroom bedroom)
(pick robot1 phone bedroom)
(place robot1 phone charger)
(turn_on robot1 charger bedroom)
(wait_charge_phone robot1 phone charger bedroom)
(turn_off robot1 charger bedroom)
(pick robot1 phone charger)
(goto robot1 bedroom livingroom)
(place robot1 phone desk)

Step 3:
robot1 is now in the livingroom.
wipe done, charged phone done, dishes unsatisfied.
Go to complete dishes:
(goto robot1 livingroom kitchen)
(pick robot1 dish_1 kitchen)
(place robot1 dish_1 shelf)
(pick robot1 dish_2 kitchen)
(place robot1 dish_2 shelf)
(pick robot1 dish_3 kitchen)
(place robot1 dish_3 shelf)

Step 4:
All goals satisfied: desk wiped, dishcloth at desk, phone charged at desk, dishes organized on shelf.
