I’m a service robot currently located in the bedroom of a house.
My goals are to heat the pot and place it on the living room desk, clean the clothes and place them on the desk, turn on the kitchen light switch, and turn off the bathroom light switch.
To heat the pot, I will go to the kitchen where the pot and induction are located. I will pick up the pot, place it on the induction, turn on the induction, and wait until the pot is heated. After heating, I will carry the pot to the living room desk.
To clean the clothes, I will go to the bathroom where the clothes and washing machine are located. I will put the clothes in the washing machine, turn it on, and wait until the clothes are cleaned. After washing, I will bring the clothes to the living room desk.
For the switches, I will ensure the kitchen light switch is turned on, and I will make sure the bathroom light switch is turned off.
Once all these tasks are complete, the pot will be heated and placed on the living room desk, the clothes will be washed and placed on the desk, the kitchen light will be on, and the bathroom light will be off.
The robot can only use one hand at a time and can hold only one item.

Action Sequence :
Step 1:
robot1 is now in the bedroom.
Goals: (heated pot & at pot desk), (cleaned clothes & at clothes desk), (on kitchen_lightswitch), (not (on bathroom_lightswitch)).
Current facts:
- pot at kitchen (unsatisfied)
- clothes at bathroom (unsatisfied)
- kitchen_lightswitch OFF (unsatisfied → need ON)
- bathroom_lightswitch ON (unsatisfied → need OFF)

Go to complete kitchen switch ON:
(goto robot1 bedroom kitchen)
(turn_on robot1 kitchen_lightswitch kitchen)

Step 2:
Kitchen switch is ON (goal satisfied for Turnonswitch).
Now heat pot:
(pick robot1 pot kitchen)
(place robot1 pot induction)
(turn_on robot1 induction kitchen)
(wait_heat_pot robot1 pot induction kitchen)
(turn_off robot1 induction kitchen)
(pick robot1 pot induction)
(goto robot1 kitchen livingroom)
(place robot1 pot desk)

Step 3:
Heatedpot satisfied (pot heated & at desk).
Now go clean clothes (bathroom):
(goto robot1 livingroom bathroom)
(pick robot1 clothes bathroom)
(place robot1 clothes washing_machine)
(turn_on robot1 washing_machine bathroom)
(wait_clean_clothes robot1 clothes washing_machine bathroom)
(turn_off robot1 washing_machine bathroom)
(pick robot1 clothes washing_machine)
(goto robot1 bathroom livingroom)
(place robot1 clothes desk)

Step 4:
Washedclothes satisfied (cleaned & at desk).
Finally turn OFF bathroom switch:
(goto robot1 livingroom bathroom)
(turn_off robot1 bathroom_lightswitch bathroom)

Step 5:
All goals satisfied:
- (heated pot) and (at pot desk)
- (cleaned clothes) and (at clothes desk)
- (on kitchen_lightswitch)
- (not (on bathroom_lightswitch))
